Eleanor, where did you get that necklace?
It looks just like this one.
Yeah, it's a replica from the bridal shop.
I thought it looked nice, so I put it on.
Yeah.
Right.
When it's bridal shop, I have a $150 million necklace.
Oh.
Hello.
Craft Corporation?
I got the job?
Yeah.
I can start today.
Thank you.
I got the job as Clyde Croft's new secretary.
Mr. Croft's secretary?
Yep.
My new boss is the big shot that just spent $150 million on a necklace for his love.
Oh, I better change.
Now that Elise got the job with Clyde, she's bound to find out that I took her spot.
Hi.
I'm Elise.
I'm the new secretary starting today.
Oh.
I'm Andy.
Welcome aboard.
I'm going to be helping me with Mr. Croft and his daily affairs.
I thought we agreed that I was going to be Mr. Croft's new secretary.
You were unqualified.
Mr. Croft is here.
Everybody's straighten up, please.
The last secretary got fired after crossing the line, so don't think that your pretty
face is going to get you very far with Mr. Croft.
Afternoon, Mr. Croft.
Are you trying to seduce your way into a promotion by throwing yourself all over Mr. Croft like
that?
Wow.
Wait.
You.
I'm sorry.
Mr. Croft.
This is the new secretary, Elise.
Yeah.
Hey, Ellie.
Good heart.
I forgot to tell you that my best friend, Elise, just started working at your company.
Why is he staring at me like that?
She's your best friend.
He's got a total copycat.
She's always tried to take my stunts and she applied to work for you after I told
her about us.
Well, I'd keep my distance from her if I were you.
Yeah.
Don't worry.
I won't allow someone like that in my company.
Mr. Croft.
I didn't mean it.
Hey, Andy.
I want you to take her to HR, fire her immediately.